hi Emily official makeup artist for
Maybelline New York 10 Mac it takes kll
it party glam look for Louisa
ticklin what's a memory a powerful I
asked at least for Maybelline New York
Eden muck
oh yeah a scaly pebble you easily love
me millet literally live news giveaway
was a party glamour look there in the
three month key like same form mean some
citizen relative would it snowman for a
tempo just came an evil it coats here
for Jonathan ISIL is I'm two people hit
movie
yeah they told me
I kind of prefer for now yeah so Oh God
nests great
they f ed forgot on the inner maintains
its illegally in short coal than what I
am
couldn't work and I hate amending vapors
like the God certain to fun in yeah so
fully well 462 iron neck the perfect the
serger utterly totally of our Hitler
live a wonderful so we will call it the
sister thing for oil makeup at the Koch
extreme it's a loofah massive balloon
intense its it perfect
yes so come over to brow drama some air
no I'm points my sky okay here in
learning Lippmann in lip stiffed on
lipglosses Lamia pigment in in the FI
Susan Davis if my mom Mia cooked perfect
nine to have you poverty here
mmm oh yes is there like to think
escaping a fake manake de orden yeah
Kigali at the nigga curtain one oh yeah
little platform outside soda louisa
horrible of feet a new don't CRP say i
her for night some Elliott fees Lee
women see a some parents Keaton I said
not it's a ossified a helix Khalifa my
for its at paddy nine school till it's a
reason for little you one hour so look
at dancing that you see their oldest
this is generally a per minute yes yeah
it's not like you got pudding but
dialing niggas no yeah yeah keep it
quickly
it's go ahead let's say this battle
maybe maybe smoothly